So we have covered the history,
the wreck architecture,
and the cooling specifications.
Now it's time to map out your actual deployment journey.
And that journey starts with a vigorous facility assessment.
Before you buy a single piece of hardware,
you must evaluate your site
against some critical readiness factors.
In general,
there are 3 areas
that are the focus of this assessment.
First,
power density.
Can your facility support the required power density?
Second,
thermal capacity.
Are you prepared to root liquid cooling manifolds?
And third,
physical weight.
Fully populated RV3 regs are incredibly heavy.
So your structural floors must be able to support this massive load in a safe way.
Now,
once your facility is cleared,
your next stop is the OCP marketplace.
This is your central hub for procuring verified hardware.
You'll want to look exclusively for the OCP accepted badge.
These are officially recognized products that strictly adhere
to the designs published in our database.
And remember,
OCP accepted gear guarantees proven efficiency,
whether you're building a new data center or replacing legacy 19-inch racks.
But what if your current facility fails the assessment?
If your forces can't handle the weight,
or you lack the cooling infrastructure.
You don't have to abandon the transition.
You can migrate your operations to an OCP ready co-location facilities.
These are heavily audited third party sites
that are purpose built specifically to house OCP hardware.
Transitioning
to open infrastructure is a massive undertaking,
but you don't have to do it alone.
You are now part of the community and you have access to a rich ecosystem.
The marketplace is filled with certified OCP solution providers.
These are professional services companies and system integrators
that are specifically trained to assess your readiness,
design your architecture,
and physically deploy the hardware
on your behalf.
The community has already done the heavy engineering for you.
Your next step is to see it through for yourself.
Browse the digital OCP marketplace to find your hardware and solution providers
or
book a visit
to a physical OCP experience center
to see this technology running in person.
Welcome
to the open compute ecosystem.